Updates to Entity Analytics Dashboard (#4345)
elastic/security-docs: docs/dashboards/entity-dashboard.asciidoc

* Click *View all* in the upper-right to display all user risk information on the Users page. 
* Click the number link in the *Alerts* column to view the alerts on the Alerts page. Hover over the number and select *Investigate in timeline* (image:images/timeline-button-osquery.png[Investigate in timeline icon,20,20]) to launch Timeline with a query that includes the associated user name value.

For more information about user risk scores, refer to <<entity-risk-scoring>>. 

[[entity-anomalies]]
[float]
== Anomalies

Anomaly detection jobs identify suspicious or irregular behavior patterns. The Anomalies table displays the total number of host and user anomalies identified by these prebuilt {ml} jobs (named in the **Anomaly name** column).

.Requirements
[sidebar]
-- 

> To display anomaly data, you must {ml-docs}/ml-ad-run-jobs.html[install and run] one or more <<prebuilt-ml-jobs, prebuilt anomaly detection jobs>>. You cannot add custom anomaly detection jobs to the Entity Analytics dashboard.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to simply? 

`The Anomalies table displays the total number of host and user anomalies identified` to `The Anomalies table displays the total number of anomalies identified`

> To display anomaly data, you must {ml-docs}/ml-ad-run-jobs.html[install and run] one or more <<prebuilt-ml-jobs, prebuilt anomaly detection jobs>>. Custom anomaly detection jobs cannot be added to the Entity Analytics dashboard.

Reviewer 2: Flip to active voice:
```suggestion
To display anomaly data, you must {ml-docs}/ml-ad-run-jobs.html[install and run] one or more <<prebuilt-ml-jobs, prebuilt anomaly detection jobs>>. You cannot add custom anomaly detection jobs to the Entity Analytics dashboard.
```

-- 

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/anomalies-table.png[Anomalies table]

> If anomaly data is missing, click the *Run job* link next to a {ml} job to install and start the job. 

Reviewer: @ajosh0504 @machadoum, do you recall why we added this explicitly?

> If anomaly data is missing, click the *Run job* link next to a {ml} job to install and start the job. 

Reviewer: Thanks, @machadoum, for confirming.

@natasha-moore-elastic I suggest removing line 88 entirely, as it is redundant to line 82. Thanks!
